The child is saved again
Thank you. Thank you.
He's got bruises all over his stomach
Really lucky
He was obviously mistreated.
I think doctors have an obligation to call the police.
Don't blame me.
Sorry.
No, the old lady was taken away
Do you need me to pick him up?
Let him stay in there for two days
Aren't you afraid that he will hate you?
Gotta teach him a lesson
Otherwise it will kill you
It's too late.
And it depends on what he means.
Then go to him first, Xiao An
That's right.
Yunyao has already sent someone to his house to check the account.
Not on his mother's side or in
Should be hiding
I remember there was a small company on his mother's side
Maybe we can start here
Force him out
OK
child
The child is alright, the child is alright
It's fine
You still have injuries
Don't move too much
Sorry.
I didn't protect you well.
I don't blame you, it's my fault.
This time it's my debt
Hope the baby is ok
Luzi
Old lady checkmark
What's up?